Chutang, long time no see, why are you here?
It's the following.
And my father knew a great doctor
Claimed to be able to put the living dead into the bones
I can invite him to treat my uncle
Young Master Yu, you are talking about that Miao Jiang doctor
Doctor Fang Rufang is good
Yu Shao, please ask Doctor Fang to save me
Echu Dang
We still say such outlandish things between us
He's a guest at my house.
I can thank him for the rest of my life
Say him
I'm afraid Fang Ru is also a citizen angler
Are you too self-righteous?
Do you think I don't know your details?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're the one who escaped from the madhouse
The lunatic came out and pitied you before taking you in
You won't let me treat my uncle here in Dongzhielan
Where did you come from?
Enough Luming
I don't blame you for not being able to ask a genius doctor
Don't make trouble
I'll go with you.
Please let the doctor go
appearance